[Music] I know I
know the l I have there has been played so that so that the
music can be put here so that
the copy doesn't skip let's see
you're paying eh I mean you're paying you
're paying Francisco Javier man
sisuka But well we started strong but
what's wrong with you sisuka sisuka You've become
more you've become more of the kids no I
mean suddenly the kids start boom
20 members let's see I'm going to see the members
How are they doing in the kids I'm
going to see how the letterheads are going
1850 I have to move that bar eh I have to
move that bar
[Music]
right
epid we have to meet so you can
take pictures of me not this month no not this month Alex I'm going
there
Alex I'm going I'm going there I'm going
up there I'm going not this
time now that I have
badass hair now that I have
hair you could have put the
Comanche one Lalisa has an ass that I
want to eat Lalisa has an ass
that I want to eat I want to let it
go damn that ass is
big mamacita i wanna [ __ ] you in the
ass what you got Go on move it Go on move it Go on move it Go on move it Go on move it move that ass move that ass move that ass move that ass Go on go on move that ass Go on move it Go on move it Go on to to to to up down up down her tit is how yummy her
tit
is how yummy her tit is how yummy her tit is how yummy her lalisa has an ass that i
wanna eat it lalisa has an ass that i wanna eat it i wanna let it go damn
that ass is
big mamacita i wanna [ __ ] you in the
ass what you got Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that
ass Go on move that ass Go on move mu that ass Go on mu to Go on
mu up down up down her tit how
yummy her tit yummy her tit yummy her tit yummy
her tit go
m
quality content content that we want to
see but hey but what happened
here Ofelia has given away Ofelia has
given away 10 members
more but well what has happened
here conch has messed up really fat eh Ofelia
But well
my goodness listen to me but the song No the
song It's not catchy body next to
mine the song No me the song is not catchy I mean
but this is improvised or
this has the analyst prepared the analisa
has an ass that I want to eat it the
lariza has an ass that I want to
eat it I want to let it go damn ma that
ass is big mommy I want to [ __ ] you in the
ass what you have Go on move that
ass Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move to Go on move to to to up down up
down her tit is how yummy
her tit is how yummy her tit is
how yummy her tit is come on
mommy my mother I'm [ __ ]
good she is really yummy she has an
incredible ass and one you are incredible
My God
Holy they caught me lalisa she has an
ass that  I want to eat it Lalisa
has an ass that I want to eat I
want to let it go damn that ass
is big babe I want to [ __ ] you in
the ass that you have Go on, move that ass Go on, move that ass Go on, move that ass Go on, move that ass Go on, move that toto Go on, move that toto to to up down up
down her tit her tit is so good her
tit is so good her tit is so good
her tit is so good Come on
babe mother I'm coming good
the hairdresser babe no, I already got into a fight
yesterday yesterday I got into a fight What's up? Hey
man, how are you? I'm leaving work,
a kiss, a kiss, but I can't play this music
when I go to Hong Kong,
right? They'll put me in jail, I got into a fight, I got into a
fight Yesterday I cut my beard very short, to be
honest, very short, my beard very short for
my taste, to be
honest. But anyway, in two or three days I'll
have it again, listen to me, the song
is catchy, eh, the song is  catchy I
'm coming there that's when the earthquake hits him
[Laughs]
no Let's see let's see let's see I
'm coming to see
Comanche is still giving a lot to talk about
eh I like Juanca's hit more
no no no no but Comanche is
breaking it the way things are when
when he draws you a
picture the
SAT
Okay You're
popular when the sad songs 66
draws you a picture it's that I'm crazy
because they only funnify me so that he
draws me a picture
the SAT Hey what is it what is it that you
can donate 10
members I don't know what you told me
on telesalseo but I don't I don't
understand I don't understand I don't understand
what the move is about Comanche has gone a little bit
Ho yes he has gone a
little bit he has been behind the wheel he has simply
dreamed behind the wheel I'm coming he has let
go behind the wheel and and he goes he goes
where he goes he goes
aimlessly he goes aimlessly he goes
aimlessly but sson he has already done it  a one
with manch in his day yes let's see this one is
basically perreando this is a
perreito this is a perreito
okay the other time he
drew it the other time he drew it what was
Javier This is the funa of the cookies
Uy how good this one
eh How good how good this one is very good
This was the other one Look let's see clearly the
topic the
topic the topic the topic let's see there are a lot of
people who are having debates on the
topic of Comanche It's
not that I can't put cli
where Javi Drop the guitar
XD
Tell Comanche to do a remix of
Javi you are the
judge lalisa has an ass that I
want to eat it lalisa has an ass that I
want to eat it I want to let it go
damn ma that ass is big
mommy I want to give it to you in the ass that
you have Go mu toto Go move the toto Go move the toto Go move the toto move that ass
move that ass move that
ass Go go move that ass Go mu to up down up
down her tit what  Her
tit is delicious how delicious hera how delicious
her tit is how delicious her tit is Come on
mamacita mother I'm [ __ ] good that she is
really delicious that she has an ass
okay perfect straight to Amarillo let's see
there's a lot there's a lot of debate on the subject it's
giving a lot to talk about
eh And he's fighting he's fighting
with half of Twitter Comanche right now
okay Well there are a lot of people calling him a
dog there aren't many people calling him a
dog but I don't understand why he's
fighting with Twitter with Twitter Spain
in
particular I don't understand why
Why in con
ostia This was great This was
great kid turns out they're playing
this clip of me calling a girl on the
phone and look
manche Hello h I mean places he ate
This bite okay because the girl mentions
Comanche and I was thinking places to see I
thought about it too but why did they put
the click here it's not my fault
tell me
[Music]
and of course it was the era the coincidence that
the girl mentions Comanche she
mentions Comanche and then there's a guy over
there making suspicious moans not
behind the phone then  we
thought it was Comanche but the
girl comes and denies it okay kiss Yolanda
welcome beautiful take Yolanda
no where did I just get that her
name is Yolanda
from somewhere I just got that her
name is Yolanda Oh no Yolanda is the one who
donated this one is called Julin who could
be Yolanda she looks like Hi this was a
joke we made days before
all this happened Boom okay Sorry we
always make jokes that they call a
streamer And at this moment we said a
name without knowing what Javi would do You didn't
tell me Happy birthday I'm not going
to donate to you again angry face No man donate me
brendy happy birthday do you want me to
dedicate a song to you
brendy tremendous Javi but I don't know
how I'll do it I mean this is supposed to be
a clip from days ago before the funa and
luar gets this clip
somehow I have no [ __ ] idea why
but oh well I imagine someone
would be putting it on Twitter or whatever
okay Total  that the
chiquiaca nothing denies it the girl the
click and I get
this the pipa that I've been looking at Who
was and is Raquel a kiss pipa
pipa okay And it's like the anug but
under budget I mean I would be screwed I would be
screwed okay an n but under
budget kiss a kiss guys Thanks
handsome Javi Oliveira this is one of
Vox a far-right journalist spouts
more hoaxes than words the
[ __ ] So I start looking around a
bit and it turns out that he handed me a
tremendous
sasa because it turns out that the
guy
eh the one who is accusing me of being a
far-right boxing journalist and
who spouted More hoaxes than
words had to beg forgiveness on his
knees Cristina Segu because she
believed that hoax that the
far left was putting out precisely the
Podemos media
to throw [ __ ] at Cristina Segu and
this clown just to throw [ __ ]
at Fran
Cuesta took the article Ah Cristina
Segu uploaded the video of two minors
being abused
or being raped I don't remember no and it's
like
Ah  perfect without more to take it by ass
you know that one also did it someone that you
all know that had to
well I don't remember if he picked up cable
or threw for adante and okay Javi what do you
owe Box but the
guy Mira says to him Cristina I spread a
video of a minor being
brutally raped or rather Look what the guy put
eh Look what the guy put that he had to
delete it Thanks T T it's certified I'm
going to crush you with all certainty
literally Cristina is
reporting everyone who is saying That that
barbarity I mean but it's that you
have an interview on the
utbh Channel where she shows everything and talks about
everything without any kind of problem yes but
if it's the one from Comanche don't dedicate it to me
face rolling with laughter a kiss
brendy Thank you very much I mean you have an
interview with Cristina on the
utb Channel where she tells everything perfectly or
rather Cristina what she did was publish on
her Twitter account
a censored video with the
pixelated faces of some girls who had
accused a few days ago some  guys
raping them and the girls on their
Instagram account were saying that it was all a
lie that they were going to be on TV Haha let's go on
TV it's all a lie
then he took that video from
the girls' account that I think the account
had like 8 or 10,000 followers I don't know
something like that and Cristina uploads it
okay but Cristina is
asking the prosecutor's office for the
crime okay And well there's another move out
there but I'm not going to Met on that I'm not going to
Met on that okay but look at it in
utbh's video and there you
but it's very strong it's a very
strong move okay And there are people who are
spreading the hoax either because of ideology
or to throw [ __ ] at Fran Cuesta
okay at least he rectified within the
toxic it doesn't reach Chernobyl no no Of course
he rectified because this is a It's that
this is a lawsuit that he loses you
know that there is no you know that is not you know
Already the result because there are lawsuits that
you say Well let's go to trial we
fight I have told you this you have
told me  but this is a lawsuit since you
know in advance what the
result is. Hi Cristina, sorry for the
inconvenience, I deleted the
important tweet. I just read in my
tweet, it is understood it says. I just read that
in my tweet it is understood that Cristina
Segu published a video of a woman
being raped and that is not the case, it is understood, it is
understood no
[ __ ] that
you posted it, it is
understood no that you posted it okay
Although she did spread a video of the
woman being raped, questioning her
status as a victim, no no no,
questioning her status as a
victim, it was not a video but the
video is on Cristina's Twitter if I'm
not
mistaken it was a video in which the
girls said they had lied, I
mean, you're freaking out and there's the one with the knife
hitting Cristina continue with
this and there's the other one on the motorcycle and it's
like but man
but it's there. Oh yes, the tweet is there, it
can be verified and there you see a
little of the media rackets that are put together,
the media cancellations
that they try to do,
you know, but  I find it funny eh it is
understood I just read that on my tweet I
just read Because while I
wrote it I did not realize what I
wrote you know I just read my husband
does not stop screaming Francisco Javier help
kiss Give him a hug Yolanda your husband a
kiss a genius but well anyway there are
some who do not back down or ask for forgiveness
eh There are some who do not ask for forgiveness there are some who
have like
eh Like that ego that you are telling him
man apologize that I sue you apologize
that I am going to report you and and they have like
that pride with their shitty community you
know toxic and it's like my god get into
a mess get into a mess
eh for someone who is not against you or anything
dude okay I mean and this guy
Oh I could swear
that they put the photo of the
turkey here to show you who it was but come on this
guy gives me that with all his face
You Javi did you know that Cristina and Roma do
not get along Yeah yeah I know man a
while ago but well what do I
do
Jai another visit to the court another lawsuit will
be  VIP member no Albert in
this case I don't have and what do you see
Ali shut his mouth a few days ago look
and he also deleted the tweet What the [ __ ] I
entered Fran cua's live and his
servant attacked him I hope you're
okay and the guy takes it and had posted something had
posted something against Fran look and
says to man if you don't want that well that
's your problem pinado be you go to
know what he posted that he deleted the tweet
surely he would post something Wishing
wishing that the servant had
killed him or some move like that or
characters
characters anyway the moror the moror
has given him some stick Comanche says and seeing what's
seen with Comanche I'm right again for a
change xdd more like mental retardation and
lack of attention there are a lot of people who
are claiming that
the fact
that wait let's see about the millor
first that the fact that the fact
that Comanche is messing things up
parsimo were true and I think that
one thing has nothing to do with the other I
mean, speed has nothing to do
with the tosino or rather for  m one thing doesn't
take away the other I don't know if this will be
part of an outbreak or something like that or
is it
her personality I think it's her
personality eh because they sent me
some
clicks today they sent me today on Instagram a
girl other cck that I think I do
n't think that they are not going out
there much let's
see
I only ask this
2024 to bring me a girlfriend
eye I put
panties it looks like they are Calvin
Clay from the chater
stop from the chat cier chat How many want to stop
this
new year okay There ask for a
girlfriend Here it starts then here Start
asking for the characteristics of the
girlfriend don't tell me you're looking for a
big ass Look for someone that
complements you Of course, a big ass will
complement it Yes that is what it has to
then I would tell you Don't tell me that
bus I mean that it fits all your p
after everything that has happened of course
not a companion not a travel yes I think I think let's
see if you find the
right person I think it
could
work for you Yes that is what it has to
then I would tell you Don't tell me you're looking for
a big ass Look for  someone that
complements you Of course, a big ass
complements Oh damn, what's it
first, let's see, commitment, no, but
Ah, commitment is committing to getting married,
not committing to having something serious with. Of
course, but that's something different and today I
finally decided that I want
some peace and quiet peace like that, now, to
leave it what it
was, to leave the crazy life behind. Okay, yeah, yeah, but but like that. I hope so, trust me, let's change the word commitment to stability, damn, no. Pando, there I, damn, I know him a little bit quite a bit in fact and And yes, I see you, it's calming down in your life like a
little bit. Well, I see him more than I think I think it's what he's missing, I think it's
what's
missing for him to finally fit together, man, fit
together, I mean for
all his pieces to fit together after everything that's
happened, of course, not a
travel companion, yes, I think I think let's see if you
find the right person, I think it
could
work for you. Yeah, yes, it has to,
then I'd tell you. Don't tell me to
look for a big ass. Look for someone,
because at some point he told her that
as a requirement he wanted her to be a big
ass.  that's what Paul is telling him
man don't tell me she's a colonist
tell me a travel companion
not a big ass girlfriend I'm not going to be unfaithful
because that's where I'll have her the opposite would
make you very
happy but it's that you know what I
feel if I have a big ass girlfriend I'm
not going to be unfaithful because that's where I'll
have her there she'll be with me Believe me believe me
luckily life takes many
turns Because later if I don't have a
new big ass I'm going to see a big ass and she'll leave
me she has to be big ass
okay so I don't cheat on her
let's see
what the
best one says Ah okay I already saw it uy uy man it
sounds very low m of this she doesn't
follow me she wants to be my girlfriend and she doesn't follow me
Lisa has a nice ass really the clip
So whisper I don't know I don't know I don't know man
sincerely I think that each person has to
know a little bit how far to go you
know I think that I
should have told some friend to Comanche to
look for a job man to try hard in
other things Comanche is not going to save his
situation he's going in  seriously it's not negative it
's not bad people think like oh wow I
should quit social media I've
failed in life no, I'm just as
worthy working at anything else
just as worthy like it's even better
you're going to have 1x better quality of
life it's going to be so much better what are you
trying to achieve man you have to talk
say it's correct I'm talking how I have to
talk and how I have to talk how
I decide to talk not like you are going to
tell me to talk [ __ ] Because I
talk however I want something that
you can't do why Because you
're a poor son of a [ __ ] you're [ __ ] I
mean you're writing this and you're
a poor piece of [ __ ] okay I can but it
's that this of like I don't understand the point when Comanche gets like say this you're a poor piece of [ __ ] I don't know what I don't know how much I can do or I mean why does he get all like already
doos the other day I looked at him and he has 200
subs on Twitch and as viewers I think he's
getting 100 200 300 I don't think he
has anything like that I mean it's not
millionaire, let's go, he'll earn the
minimum wage in his country, maybe I don't know what you're
referring to, I think this is a joke, I
'm not Yolanda's husband, Francisco
Javier Oliveira, don't manipulate, okay. By
the way, every day I stop by where she
climbs to leave my dislike, a kiss,
handsome. Thank you very much, Javi Comanche, he
's not well, he's not cured anymore, but let's
see, do you think this is part of
an outbreak? Do you think this is ironic
because of course, on Twitter I also
saw that a few years ago he goes down
the street and records a woman and says,
mm white meat, I don't know if you've seen
that clip on Twitter, I mean, I think
this is part of his
personality. And the truth is that he's
terrible, as a Mexican, as a Salvadoran,
Puerto Rican, Argentine, I don't care
why because I have enough money
to do any accent and I
suck at it. On the other hand, you don't make the difference, ent
tuo, you go to your [ __ ] job, that's
the problem he has, that's literally
what I was talking about. Someone needs to
explain to this man that working
is not something bad, it's not something insulting, it's not
something to feel  embarrassed you can't
think of things like that and he
says hello boss how are you good morning
then you have to laugh politely
for days no [ __ ] I don't I can as I
please Why Because I'm rich
because I'm a millionaire you're not
[ __ ] You're not you er a
me Okay that's your me [ __ ] and that's
something that you never I believe that he is like that
be like he has put strong strong plan
strong Comanche doesn't have 10,000 in the
bank account did you see what Fran cuesta does
Yes I saw what Fran cuesta does he
hooked up with Felipe again Fran
cuesta Seriously Holy [ __ ] you equal no qui
Yes now we're going to see what Felipe does, I want to
play a lot I want above
all I want to play LoL a little bit man I
've played very few games yes
anika but within the Euphoria that
can have due to bipolarity within
that he gets euphoric that is always
related to sexual issues
And that filth and those
disrespects no because I was even
telling him he was disrespecting the
husband of one of them from the start  the
season but yes Comanche is going to have a
very very sad and very miserable life
unfortunately if he thinks that the only
way to feel successful is to dedicate himself to
social networks because he's not going to be able to
do it the only chance he had and that he
had was good somehow he managed to
eat dicks to become
relatively relevant in a
surprising way but right now they are going
to deny him I mean do you think that
auron Play is going to give more hype to
Comanche for these things no not even him it's
true it's true Rubius none of these
people are going to give him more hype with
which and even when they were giving him hype he
had four people watching it You know So I don't think I don't think he has
absolutely any kind of future with
broad I think he should look for a job or
study either of the two Okay
but let him do something with his life s woman
on the internet has thrown all Christ at me
but one thing is to do it privately and
another thing is to do it publicly no
Also what value does it have as Comanche will
flirt in a non-ironic way like you
will flirt with Comanche I mean it's
literally like
when it's literally Like when
someone on the street is a thing  that I've
never understood uh I think I have
super old videos talking about the thing
when the
[Music]
typical apes walk down the street
they're not in a group and a girl who's
nice walks by and they
start pretty blonde I'll [ __ ]
you in the [ __ ] you know not the typical
street harassment no that I've never
understood that I mean but neither me nor being
me kani nor kid or anything It bothers me that
has always bothered me because it's
like let's
see something that you get a
little crazy They are affections they are no in the end let's
see now we have the internet now
we have such there are many times that
social relationships work in
a way in which you at work or
in a place you meet a woman or you know
and whatever comes up but literally there would
n't be anything
wrong with you seeing a person on the street
that you like and you have to
politely try to approach them No maybe
there's a person that you see
on the street constantly not in your
area or whatever and one day they come and say
Hey look Excuse me I don't know what I know you
do to talk you do to clash no
exchange words no and see if you can
stick your neck in a little bit It's
okay, that's why okay
But he's literally an ape, I
mean, on the street and to this day
still uh on the street a
girl who's well-off goes and grabs a guy with
a belly like Donkey Kong and
says to her pretty, he'll eat you out and it's like Why are you
doing that, I mean, do you think the girl is going to
turn around and
[ __ ] you or whatever,
like Why, why are you bothering me, no I mean,
why are you doing that, do you think that because you
call someone like they're a monster they're
going to turn around and give you their phone number, I
don't know, I don't understand, no, and he ate you how [ __ ] disgusting
[ __ ], you're going to eat me,
disgusting cannibal, what the [ __ ] are you going to
eat me? Go suck it, it's like never before, I've
never understood that. Of course, you
do things with a purpose, not
when you're hitting on a
girl on Twitter, online or whatever, you
do it with the intention
of flirting, not trying.  flirt But
you're yelling at a person on
the
street as if the human being didn't walk on all
fours, I mean, what do I know? It's like I do
n't understand. You're
not crazy. Comanche with that
attitude is going to sink into [ __ ],
humility, work and respect. That's the
basis to get somewhere in life. Of course, of course,
a kiss. Be that as it may, he
's literally making a fool of himself right now.
One thing is that you have
hot content, okay, hot content and you talk about
sex one night with your followers or
even the song. Although it's
cringe-worthy. But it could be humor, it could be a
joke that he has on his channel, okay.
But I think it's his personality that he's
doing, eh. I think I think that
's
him, like Anch once talked to me on
DM, but it's like, what's the fun of flirting
with someone who flirts with everyone, I
mean, That's my perspective. That's my
perspective,
like you threw it out on DM to Princessita,
what's the fun of flirting with someone who
flirts with everything, everything. Christ, no chat,
you have no idea how many
streamers have thrown it out at me on DM.  md So
I never say anything eh but you would be
very surprised I mean I never
say anything because obviously I'm not
going to say this guy hit on me for
md this guy hit on me for m no but he has
never said it He has never said
princess to anyone who has
hit on him yes ever if he has said one it would be
surprising have you ever talked to
orlock that I never met him or did
anything with him like a lot of people think
because I don't know he said djo about if he said it
if he said it he says it when the topic
is viral well into there luare well
into eh and automatically
everyone thought that I had done with
him I didn't talk to him I mean he answered
stories he didn't get anywhere with me because I think he
asked me to meet up sometime and he
said as a joke don't meet up with him and I was
like
okay he said Paula no way don't meet up
with him of course the n seeing themselves in the
other's situation an n seeing themselves in the
situation of what was his name the pouf I'm
sorry baby I'm sorry
Yes
anug is a SIM I don't  I think he's a SIM I think he
's her
boyfriend you know some at some point it has come
up to say some for x reason
but it would be surprising
what they have told you well it depends on who it
depends on who but the truth is that I do
not like to get along much with
streamers, I
mean ex except for one
specific person I have only gone out with one streamer So to
speak I mean I have never
been I am not one to be with streamers
in general it's like I do not like him I do not like him
he it's like it's not true
that ger Romero hit on you no Romero not
luckily unfortunately but yes it would
surprise more than one because
I have even been hit on by streamers who had a girlfriend
that has happened to me too and it has been a
bit like What the the
truth is you would do to Juan de Dios
no the truth I have done the opposite to you I
mean Juan de Dios No the
opposite what's wrong with him that someone already
left with please
please someone someone someone
[ __ ] conche like please rescue him
the only way to get him out of there is for
someone to put out that fire please
someone [ __ ] conche turn down your
[ __ ] livid turn down the  [ __ ]
livid What's wrong with him damn it Really Oh
my God someone take his [ __ ] out
please I can't I can't anymore I can't that
while I'm out I'm
not volunteering I
'm not a tribute from my District okay me well
speak like a Mexican like a Salvadoran
Puerto Rican Argentine I don't care
why because I have why do you talk like you
're John Chimi dude Why do you talk
like you're Bad Bunny by haa like you
're young Chimi odd jobs dude young
chimichurri I don't understand because he doesn't
speak like sides of Mexico this guy it doesn't matter it doesn't matter We do
n't criticize him it's that he's
the goat it's that he can do what he is he's
right it's that he can do whatever you
want he's the goat dude no
ironically he's the goat real
money to uuuuuu let's see let's see let's see let's see
Uy but he doesn't follow me he doesn't follow me he
wants to be my girlfriend and he doesn't follow me the
best the best is that he is the best
has a good ass the
truth is that he's the goat he's the [ __ ] goat I mean if he's not the
[ __ ] goat I mean if he's not the [ __ ] goat I mean
viewers pic manche watching Tas inst and
saying wow tits she has she doesn't deserve
100000 viewers and man already have 100
viewers or so how many people have
seen how many people have seen this
clip Well look at nothing more than nothing more than
the tweet has 3 and a half million or
so the tweet uh this tweet that
orlock is seeing has 3 million
impressions saying I have a dick up
who deserves it who really deserves it
I or rather
honestly didn't want to I mean I didn't want to
talk about Comanche or sincerely I didn't want to
talk about Comanche because basically
months ago a video like that
4 months ago or five whatever it
was I uploaded a video basically
saying that the hate comments
were going to make them commit suicide and it was like
Wow like okay okay Hey when did
Yelou Melo come back to Twitch let's go okay okay
we take a step back you know what I'm saying
but my [ __ ] mother but he's
lost his mind I love him dude he's the best he
's literally the man without the man
who sold the world the man who sold
Twitch eh Really what a barbarity dude I
love him I love him I love him he's the best guy
sex sex sex sex sex sex sexx sex sex se
sex the other day I was watching a
jeeva
approach me the other day I was watching
a jeeva
approach me this big ass has a really
badass tit I don't know what I'm going to do I want to
give her anal sex anal sex anal sex sex
sex I
know I should make a tune with
Comanche so that good
music is made he is the best he has the caba I
mean I didn't want to make Comanche memes we
mentioned him once but I didn't want to
make Comanche memes and like clips of
him because what I tell you 4 months ago
when he had I don't know when suddenly the whole
internet hated him It's that I don't know either I mean I do
n't understand much of the
Comanche controversy I understand that they hated him I don't know
because he was in series and because he
hung out with streamers a lot I don't know
exactly what the tone was But well,
uploaded a video that I understand that
most the truth is that I don't know either
why they hated him I mean in his  moment
because sexual sexual is that Hey but he
also has his talent with manche eh
sexanal sexanal sexanal I mean I'm not
capable eh I'm not capable of doing it eh
you saw saying that he was crazy, like he
had
depression and anxiety problems and that
all the hate comments
had taken him to the point of almost
committing suicide and it's like Well although I want to
say regardless of how each one falls
Comanche okay or so let's respect okay aflo
Well not me because I didn't say anything
Bad about Comanche Not me but even from the
outside I saw it and I said Well okay I mean
calm down let's respect now
the meme can't be held back anymore Because yesterday mangel
was commenting on it for 4 hours straight
live saying comche every 3
seconds and today before opening the chat he
was talking about Comanche the whole time
everyone is talking about Comanche
with these
c How many viewers isn't this bringing him bw
1.600000
followers what's
up the last two live
streams the last two live streams have
had more more
visits
no no there are a few here you
can also look at me Let's see how many
viewers you're having let's see Twitch
Tracker Twitch
Tracker
com
manche It has 200 subscribers 257
subs
Stream let's see January
2024 a peak of 286
viewers The other day I had a peak of
nine what's going on man the viewers
no the viewers are not increasing them I mean I don't
even know if he'll
charge per tweet eh with those numbers let's
see they are the numbers basically that
we have on Twitch not 300
200 and I can already tell you how much do I have
on
Twitch
What's going on
here 86 subscriptions I have on Twitch
and about 200 viewers there are no days that
maybe 200 300 400 well we could
say that we have an average more or less
like Comanche on Twitch eh but a
little less
subscribers I'll tell you what I charge on Twitch
let's go
eh 300 Maybe
300 Maybe there is some month that I
charge  400 500 of these months that
maybe you're a little bit older you
know That's why I'm telling you So this
man is good
Caro good But he lives in Mexico
no but come on no I don't know if he earns enough to
live very well but it's that he's incredible
Comanche TR months ago Comanche TR
months ago eh Please don't tell me ugly things that
kill me damn the current events and how I
have to how I decide how I how I am Good
morning you have to
tell your boss Good morning [ __ ]
barbarity I love him I really love him no I
mean in parentheses no hate really he's the
best I love him dude and he does
this with does this literally with 200
viewers he's the best is that I love him
dude literally he's a free man
dude he's a completely clear man with
viewers dude it's what we all aspire to
do one day he peels it Nothing to
lose dude all day all day
straight from tits [ __ ] asses
how his
dick gets hard in Mexico 300 isn't many well you
know give me  [ __ ] members
give me members and subs leave me the
Prime okay I want to go to Mexico to
live well well well how awful I love it I love it I love it I
love that ass you
sent me God I literally put you
on all fours I spank you and I God I
put it in you I really prefer I
really prefer eh it's hot I mean it's
Comanche hotter than him it's
a
bingo being 10 years old and on Three
Kings' Night sneak into my
parents' room and see my mom eating my
dad's ass I really prefer
that for 100 times than a single clip
of Comanche talking about how he would [ __ ]
a girl on discord really really really really how awful How awful How
awful I
'm not ready for this for
real eh No ironically not only me
but the TS people especially Maximus
and Magel we've also been TR for days
Waiting for Comanche to open live
because mother of God you love it  watch
Comanche live and see what
nonsense he's going to say today I really love him I
love him he's the best he's the best what I
believe and sorry here I am already a
kiss handsome Roman I don't want to act
good noo I don't want to risk saying
but I think now Comanche is in his
chocas arc I think that's what it is
correct me if I'm wrong I accept theories
but I think now Comanche after
losing ou Heaven and mod base has
entered like in the chocas arc you know and
it's like he's caught this attitude that
is now a bit fashionable not because of
choca but in general like this attitude
of I don't give a damn about anything I don't give a damn about
anything I'm the best I don't care what they
tell me I'm going to do my thing I'm the best
I'm number one I'm rich you know Well I do
n't know chocas is from Vigo and Comanche from
Claro guarand p no I don't know I don't know d com
manch the truth is shokas is from Vigo let's
see I know he's Galician but I don't know if he was
from Vigo
eh Let's
see I don't know they go by  there the shots or or
what the
truth is I don't know if they go there I throw them
mm I don't know either, not even if it's a
matter of an outbreak, the truth is I wouldn't know how to
tell you if it's a matter of an outbreak if it is
as I think that I think it is his
personality eh I mean, regardless
of the fact that I believe what he told us in the
interview no and his suicide attempts
and so on, I don't deny that eh And that he has
the disorders or has had those
illnesses that he told us but I
think that this is part of his
personality I mean he is like that your physique
among other things we have Juan
s Guarnizo who has given his opinion on what is
happening with Comanche who would not have
filters in his opinion com pin Che like
crazy I hadn't seen the whole mess
Yesterday you were telling me in the
chat I don't know I don't know what to tell you today I
spoke to him No he hasn't answered me I spoke at
night I see him calm let's see ar I speak
to him and he is calm but I
see him calm I see him calm he says
Comanche Comanche coming to  telesalseo
and leaving me with zero subs Juan guarnizo
Well I see Comanche very calm
eh he's chill eh he's chill he's chill
Javi is he's without
medication Yeah but being without
medication within what it does to you I don't
know within what it does to you and makes you
go through your state and all but that
type of comment about that heat
man do you think is part of the outbreak S it
was very unpleasant the clips give a lot
yes it has to be something that I don't know I don't know
friends no s no no I wouldn't even know what to
think you know that I have
a lot of affection for him but
evidently I there are things that don't
seem right to me And I saw that it was very uncomfortable
Gabriel azo Thank you very much handsome I
needed it eh I needed it Gabriel a
kiss a kiss Thanks for walking around here naked man
Here the people Look how he is
today what I tell you the medication
controls him without it he becomes impulsive or rather of
course the impossibility of the
things that he truly thinks is
not true but it is his true self or it is not
his true self is what I
ask myself I already know what I'm going to do
Something just occurred to me Okay
something just occurred to me let's
see if I could come up with
something H HM HM
[Music]
H I
wrote to someone if they
answer me I'll tell you something okay no I promise
nothing yeah some
content just came to my head for tomorrow
but nothing else I'm not going to come here to
talk bad about my friend or anything like that because I
love him and it pisses me off because he was having a really
good time calmly with his things
with his video with his tiktok with now with
his live shows it's annoying it's annoying the truth it really pisses me off
but I don't know
look I don't know I'd rather just move on I
don't know what to say Hoyos could have seen
Chosas explode for
certain things let's say Juan didn't want to
get involved but basically he's saying
that what he's doing with Manche
is embarrassing and what and what
man he doesn't like it and that he's
messing things up he's
messing things up and he's screwing things up let's
see I have a theory one
second one second it's coming it's
coming I think that in your between comch magazine
he said that bipolarity makes him more
horny than normal yes let's see that's where
my theory goes my theory goes because
maybe Juan is a person
who [ __ ] let's see Juan not with manche But I
think it's obvious no that he won't have
many
sexual relations and then he's
always well I'm telling you
very very
nasty and Between that and the other it's a
cocktail that explodes of
course not being an adult person who
likes women a lot and and does
n't eat
much then he gets horny he gets horny he gets horny
And yes of course a more or less
normal person in a medium
controls themselves but of course he
can't be a
Virgo I don't think he'll become a Virgo
but of course yes if you notice
he's
always surrounded by things about
jerking off I mean they called him to be a
promo eh I remember an advertisement that
Comanche made for a company for
a TV advertisement let's say an
advertising spot and it was an advertisement for what
the advertisement was about learning English and Comanche's role
was that he jerked off in the advertisement Have you
not seen that advertisement let's see if it's
easy to find on
YouTube with
manche
advertisement Look Yes of course it appears on
YouTube
look  a
kiss is more horny than
a
hunchback Okay, better Hero bird than
[Applause]
fly
yes
to
suffer
Ju
Blow your house that as far as I
know Blow is a category in these
pages but Blow
House that would be a blog here at
home I'm going to give it
okay
with The goose in the hand the poor guy has
caught this eh Let's see, I think that's
the theme eh I mean I think it's a
little bit about
eh the la the
heat that he has
Okay, says gibel do you want to see that video? I
have the complete thing what is the porn video the one
that
is you have the porn that he was watching
with manche let's see I think it's eh a
little bit of the heat that he has and it
ends there
[Music]
with with the disorder, I mean it's that's the
theme of course it's a little bit of everything it's
a little bit of everything everything that is
Comanche that's where it goes,
there you go,
gibel, why does he have that video And why did you
recognize one of those videos just by
listening to a piece of audio you know
the dialogue by heart How does
it go, it's the same as Comanche, you
eh, gibel has them all  the
videos he took a pill and took the
blue one let's see let's listen to that super chat that
comes in and let's go to the next topic I
still have a few topics
pending here you you you you
you let's see what
Frank does let's see I
was watching Frank
live I don't know why but he did the
live on Twitter and
this this one seems to me to be the headline
Listen to this if you're hornier than a
balcony you'll never get it in life it's scary to see it Of
course but it also tells a bit of
his personality his
attitude his physique you know So in the
end I and I think that's where the
shots go it's a person who adds to him the one who
is super horny with not
eating anything and now if you give him five
mental disorders Well of course I mean it's
like the whole cost the molotop what I
see here is that it's difficult to reach a
conclusion because all the cost molotop comes together
okay Shut up princess you ate
nug who is worse than Comanche damn
Good point that
gubel
gibel you don't have a live tonight
cas Good point that eh good catch that
eh Let's see, for me the title of
Fran's live was this That's bad no that's
simply the culture that we've had
in Europe you were born under that culture you
say that I'm a grandfather I am a
grandfather but yesterday I defeated a deer who do you
defeat Well surely a
girl who is [ __ ] on your
chest or at least that's what you put in the
tweets I don't know why we're going to see more
if she already killed him
eh Don't give me more of this [ __ ] about this
nonsense that I'm not
interested in a [ __ ] I don't know how to
say it seems like [ __ ] to me
this funa seems like [ __ ] to me when
something interesting comes out of this funa let me know let's
see the clip
summary of the review okay look look at Felipe victimized be you Fran cua using Nazis so that some crazy person ends up killing me I find it so pathetic I dislike Felipe so much guy I mean it seems so pathetic to me so ridiculous so everything Hello I'm new in the neighborhood the
state Forces me to inform you that I
[ __ ] a
baby
I closed that War and you opened it yesterday
you  you opened it yesterday after after this
topic about the deer you said
things like eh Like what we're seeing
here is not worth harsh images and I don't
wish anyone not even someone that
this is what you are Felipe
you are they call you progr some
okay I think that you are people who
no no
quadratic times I would like
you to prove eh my relationship with
Nazi groups or with Nazi attitudes I'm not going
to file a complaint against you obviously Because
why would I file a complaint against you
to screw up justice well no no no you
can file a complaint against me I don't think you
can file a complaint against me because
you're the one who kept up some tweets in which you
said that you [ __ ] boys and you
wanted to [ __ ] on your chest
girls or you sent pictures of your balls
to other girls of course then you
report me a little bit of advice I'm
going to tell you a little bit because the last
speech you gave I left it closed I
didn't answer you to that speech
we left it there and you've come back I don't wish
anyone not even someone who has
shown a  moral baseness What is
moral baseness to you but [ __ ] the
title of the Stream could be one of
the greatest acts of involuntary comedy I
've ever seen What was the
title of the Stream hate crime
where I was talking about hate crime
So how are you all so extremely
hypocritical because you are hypocrites
eh Felipe you are a [ __ ] shitty hypocrite
a [ __ ] shitty hypocrite you act like a
bully you go like I don't care what
this guy says and you do seven live shows eh
saying that you don't care Of course you
care what he says why Because I'm
much bigger than you why Because I
earned it you were great but
right now you are it's [ __ ] [ __ ] a
[ __ ] [ __ ] that people don't want
around eh with the plagues with The
plagues only I mean look at you that he has I mean I
understand that this guy was
like friends with Alex The capo no and Alex
The capo is still doing well No
but they have this one like with the
plagues I mean who's going to want to
hang out with this guy with those  things he
posts and is proud of
Because he still says [ __ ] man [ __ ]
embarrassed I'm embarrassed by what I posted a
decade ago but the problem is that he sees it
as, I mean, what do you know, normal And why
Because you still keep tweets Where you
say that you've [ __ ] a baby Why do you
still keep tweets where you
show your balls your testicles to
girls where you insult people and
tell them fat kill yourself all that stuff
from the past comes back to you are all those who
call yourselves progress or who call yourselves that you say
that we are all grandparents no we are not
grandparents you say that I have no
morals I have morals I have morals
moral baseness to say that you have [ __ ]
a baby and keep the tweet moral baseness that's that that
is moral baseness Felipe and
of course he wouldn't live but apart from the fact that
Felipe has posted things not so
far back in
time, I mean not so far back in time he has
posted
atrocities you can watch the video that I
made him on the main page the same neighborhood
as you if you have children for me Felipe is
from the  worse, I mean the worst, I mean the
worst, the worst, the worst, the worst, the
worst And I'm not calling you a pedophile,
just the people who post those kinds
of tweets you suddenly called naci a
villin again I reminded you the
other day the other day he called villin nasi
again and like dude
but but then if you call him a
Nazi because of those jokes Although I've
never understood them But
well I imagine it was the time you
know, I mean, they're things that you don't see
from today's perspective no but it's
that he did it too I mean
he
did it too but it's that then if you
call vin nas what do we
call you it's the worst I can't
think of anyone worse man if there are
worse people that's why he's with those people you
know she prayed the tweets she asked for
forgiveness It was a [ __ ] move and you
go out again with the Nazi villin that's
cowardly you're a no And so that
those he wants to applaud him, applaud him for
nothing I mean what  you have with
vin vin he's messing with someone dude So he's
doing vin who is he
messing with vin for this guy to be there you
know nazi Well billin is still out Or
billin is in the news because he's got some
issue or whatever and you don't like him and you have the
right to give your opinion it would be
lacking better but but nazi call him a
nazi for free just to your face pum e
well I call you nazi because What are you
saying coward you're a coward and then you
come to me with wait because you
're the ones who call me nazi you send me
all the people and from here if we can
read Here we are
going to read here what
people say seriously do you think it's
necessary to stir the hornet's nest again they
told you first to call
oliveira and in the case of the gang
putting Call someone who calls aas
oliveira who calls aas oliveira and in the
case that I call Dallas oliveira Leo de
la pea putting Call someone who
call aas oliveira I don't understand
first that I call
de
sierba that I call aes oliveira and
the case of the gang putting Call
someone put das sierva that I have no
[ __ ] idea what this is that I call
Dalas oliveira dream of me Fran his
Dream of me eh
Bastard technical error I didn't understand
Maybe it's another one you the one who was
reading Tell me the truth you gave the
location to the deer I think it's funny
that the capybara well It's that Who comes
up with interacting with
animals in one day we are aware
that in less than a
month I am in the
sanctuary we have assumed that or have we
still assumed
that in less than a month I am in the
sanctuary we are already preparing the series I am already
seeing
eh I was looking at cameras but it is
cheaper for me to change this Mobile for the pro
and I almost think that it is better than the
camera maybe I buy a microphone or
rather I change this Mobile for the pro and I
buy some microphones that Dallas
told me that he went with a microphone with the
mobile and we are already preparing the series I have
ordered some animations and some
nice things
Uh yeah and I can't
wait and you Javi what are you going to
fight with let's see I don't see myself capable of with a deer let's
see at most at most I've
seen that he has a couple of otters around there he
has a tiny kangaroo that I
could give a paw to and the
barc you know but with the deer I do
n't think I'm going to be able to
uh we've assumed that in less than a month
I'm in the sanctuary Because I think that
little is said
eh And then I'm going to Hong Kong and I'm going to
be in Hong Kong Disneyland
and it's very strong eh it's very strong it's very
strong directly because of my appearance the subject
that you are precisely I don't know what they're
telling you it just seemed to me also a
moral low to attack on Twitter someone
who just had a risk to their
physical integrity they are telling you
eh You call me a Nazi Why for wanting
my country to be governed by the right
left I don't care but for people who
want the best for the people of their country
because the neighborhoods are safe because
equality is real or I have no morals
because I expose that you have tweets
saying that you [ __ ] babies and that  you don't
delete them what happens is that you
are used to being moralists
you and many you and many and then you are
cowards because you are [ __ ] cowards
but [ __ ] cowards Why
Because you always do the same thing you put your
hand in and then Franco is inciting Nazis
so that some crazy person ends up killing me
you are a [ __ ]
victimizers who are worthless
you are [ __ ] victimizers I mean you don't
realize that you are a [ __ ] victimizer
putting things up So you go like Oh they're going to
hit me they're not going to hit you no one is going to hit you no
one is going to hit you maybe
a mother with a baby will spit on you
but no one is going to hit you You said that
at least they were Nazis show me my
followers that they are Nazis or that they are
fascists you do to me what would Javi say to you
5 years ago if you told her that by making
the videos that she made you were going to end up
meeting Fran But I never
met Fran because I fought with him in the
past eh whatever  I met Fran
because his
mother
watched Telesalseo
but how heavy eh how
heavy it seems a little
surreal to me that we are going to the sanctuary
kid, I mean I think I think I
even think I'm not sure but I
understand that you will be able to see me live
if you are members of Fran
cua if you are members of Fran's channel I
understand that you can see me
live not on the sanctuary cameras
No how strong you how
strong still when the date is getting closer I'm going I'm going I'm
assuming it
Hey, this guy came out again this
jimbo I don't know what to throw at him
Auro yill he will go alone with your wife I will go with
my wife later later we will stay in
Hong Kong
also it turns out that Play himself and
I remember this very well because we
talked about this about the jimbo we talked about it and
the jimbo This was a piece was a piece the
fact of being abled that you have
some
disability does not make you a good
person, I mean obviously if a
person attacks someone because of their
disability and denigrates them for that reason they
humiliate them, I mean abuse them for that reason
some thing like that you know but the
case is here a person fighting
with another on the
internet okay And that boy had a lot of
trouble, a lot of trouble if I remember if I
remember Hey, Auron
could have gone too far with him whatever
you want but that boy had the
trouble it was already
explained that I already know on Twitter at
that time and what happened is that there is
a boy named Jimbo who
has a problem Okay he has a
neurological problem where Well, it
prevents him from doing certain actions
naturally like any other
person The fact is that as a result of the funa
that Aon Play and Vin had in 2023, he joined in
because of his face he joined in
because of his face to come back to the
fore to refloat I have no [ __ ]
idea
Why last year this boy Jimbo
Also came out to talk about Aon
Play and Vin Why He was a YouTuber at the
time and he is also on Twitter in
2012 around that time and well in
those times now a play vin were Well, as we
already know, effectively
extremely critical, extremely
intense with their  comments on Twitter
so they also ended up bothering
this guy and he said the following eh
well the subject of auron I remember it
well and badly because ah in club 113 they
invited him to club
113 they invited him to club 113 you
there are some things
that I did not really like that he did But well I do not hold a grudge against him either I remember Oh well at least I did not hold a grudge I think at the time when people lied to me more he made a video like
supporting me like Hey don't mess with
that kid I don't know what when he was really messing
with people and of course I was
surprised like [ __ ] me when I saw that he
talked about me I was [ __ ] and stop what he got me into
but but no this was the first one that
dude got along really well And such
But then what happened then what happens is that
I received a lot of tweets on Twitter
messing with me and at that time
well in the end I got angry and answered
more than one straight you know But between you
and auron  says no no I'm not I
'm giving you context
for the second video What happens he
saw this and I don't know why he thought of
making another video saying [ __ ] jimbo
Why are you doing this he started putting Twitch
in the video that I was responding to Pea
and say [ __ ] that you could have
commented to me privately like Hey Calm down
like eh skip Twitter and he made a
video like that I'm Elo from the
movie you know and man you were you were you were
a little bit of a man a little bit yeah Okay
eh neither now it's over but I got a little
bit in the video this
video the guy
[Music]
was a good hater and he said and said
barbarities too I do
n't remember very
well let's see I think that Dallas in his
video also talked about the subject
olimo
but he lied
also in
this one I warned you or rather they brought out
how
best it was in the in this other one they
brought out like several
funas no This is about the [ __ ]
trucks where did Jimbo's thing happen
man Where did Jimbo's thing happen they
were funning Auro
they tried to funnify him with what  of the girl this
then when it doesn't fit the
girl's thing Oh but look is that what happened to
Jeremy's mother when she made the
raisins with Jeremy's mother Oh Well
but look is that Jimbo has come out
a disabled person it was like balls
for balls I had to square the
funa it was in the previous one here in this one I
know that but apart from that there were like some
more lies true from Jimb now I'm
speaking to you from memory I would have to
look at this this look clearly control and
fix what he's going to say now that here
comes the big lie eh on Twitter I
remember but well Later I spoke
with Aon Play I said Hey why is
your girlfriend messing with me and your friends and the only thing I
can do he told me I can
talk to my boyfriend so that he doesn't do it
again and in fact he even
apologized but with his friends he even
asked you Forgiveness How curious right I mean
that everything ended well And then Dalas
how bad Dalas maliciously asked him for forgiveness and
this one came out Now when in the funa of
Auron he came out saying that they never
apologized to him that such and such you
know  you have it more complete in a
video Javi Yes but I don't remember I
'm speaking from
memory saying what comes out clearly
then you had like a moment of Super
hate suddenly host supports me bag how
good and such and suddenly again that I do
n't think he did it in a bad way but
I felt quite bad because he left me
with the video Of course you now if you see the
video and the comments that he made well it
went a little bit
but aluna
H what people told me that he didn't put it you
know like but well in the end you would
go too far but a guy is answering
I go yes go to a guy and say
anything in life with billin
you also had a problem it could be well well
with me directly I think there
wasn't much of a problem simply because I had a
lot of friends who did humor Whatever
on Twitter and they messed with people and well I
had to say it too Well
what do you think about dark humor
I like dark humor but clearly
there is a line of dark humor and sometimes I
do it with my friends because damn it's
funny but of course one
thing is doing dark humor in  general plan
and another attacking a person is that it is
very different pomi When you make humor
attacking a person who also sees
it seems to me or rather it should not be
done to see the subject of black humor eh
I depend yes yes there are things that
can make you laugh
let's not say no no eh For example
gibel's face no but of course one thing
is black humor to have
a comment with a second and side with
another I don't know what but another thing is that
you are an [ __ ] and that you do things and
always shield it it's not that I'm a
joker it's that I really like
black humor no let's see you don't like black humor
you laugh at people you humiliate you know
give nigras anyway black humor is black humor
or it is not no I don't know I don't
know black humor well bad when it is
humor Yes when it is humor Yes but when you
are insulting to my face you don't
understand me no you can't shield
everything in it in
black humor and well finally lastly and we
leave it for today
and I wanted to comment with you Well
well I had a polemic here Well it was yesterday it was yesterday it was yesterday but I went to bed it was yesterday for I went to bed or rather this photo is censored by this girl arak Ne we met this girl eh Through a video of the Segarra crime that I was watching on Telesalseo okay And that's where
I met her Hi a very complete video very
good and such And I followed her I've
never spoken to her more than that And yes I
see her quite active on Twitter because we don't
follow each other and such and and she gives her opinion on
polemics no and on this occasion Well she
commented on something that I had already
noticed too and it is that
Gref I understand that without malice eh because
in the end seeing you is silly
eh but it is true that that
for me it is a mistake to do this the truth
eh No I don't know how it doesn't cross your
mind
eh a kid who is reading on
some stairs I imagine that he would be
running or whatever Gref goes out a lot
in Andorra to run we have not
seen him several times and I see a kid
reading tcho a kiss yes  it's true
that it's kind of out of the ordinary not to
find a kid reading instead
of using a tablet but you can't take
a picture of a let's go he's
complaining taking pictures of minors and
sharing them is illegal eh It's not that it's
illegal to share a photograph of a
child it's just that it's illegal for you to take
photographs of anyone to upload them to your
networks Not a person like gref let's see
unless it's something that I'm telling you eh a
public figure okay I mean you
find Pedro Snchez on the street
buying an orange and saying Look how
funny Pedro Snchez buying an orange
well it's Pedro Snchez is buying an
orange do you find it funny to me that it's
something like that okay but an anonymous person
you as a public figure take a
picture of a completely anonymous person
okay another thing is that it's someone
known on networks known on the internet
That he's involved in some news
okay let's see if it's questionable but he
censored his face at least no no no the
girl puts the censorship on him the girl
puts the censorship on him okay let's see it's not
serious but man if I were a
youtuber he took a picture of my son
and published it on his Twitter with millions of
Followers I kinda [ __ ] on everything
From that perspective I see it Okay I'm going
to take advantage of the fact that outer made a video
and there's a piece about this and I'm putting it up
okay to see a little bit of what
people were saying but from that
perspective I see it as a father, I mean,
I myself don't upload things about my children to
my networks with much Maybe something from
behind or whatever but I wouldn't want
the truth if my daughter was
sitting reading a book and a youtuber
took a picture of her and uploaded it, you know, I
know maybe he has permission
too I'm telling you no maybe it's a nephew of
his we don't know and now it's time to talk
about Gregorio my people who are another
thing is that you another thing is that you go down
the street
and taking a photo recording the street or
whatever the people who are on the
street show the people on the street and it shows
okay but you focus on a
specific person and publish it That's where
the
problem is raining stick for This photo
guys Look what a [ __ ] crazy thing I
found today on the street an
innocent photo that  a priori there is nothing wrong
quite ironic even ironic
appealing to the fact that in the technological world it
is quite complicated to see a boy
law in this way the mentions a
Delights to begin with, he
cannot get rid of the old woman's curse, not a chance, you have
evicted him wishing old women and uploading
photos of minors without consent to
networks this guy is a crack not content
with wishing old women also photographs
children you cannot take a photo of
a child and
upload it you
cannot but in the original photo
the child's face cannot be distinguished
either it does not matter is that you
can Let's see, I do not know to what extent It
could have a legal consequence okay I
understand that this would be the right to the
image and if
the face cannot be distinguished a lot it is a photo of a child
sitting reading well you know but it is not
right to do this how funny is the
criticism that young people do not read when
you are a streamer in your thirties you cannot you cannot
do it you cannot do it I do not
know to what extent it would reach something legal,
a legal problem no it is not criminal or
anything like that okay we are talking about
image rights, not infringement of the
image or something like that  civil
but you can't and even less so with a child, I don't know
if the law differentiates in this sense between
a minor and an adult, eh, I mean, I think that
the fact that you photograph a
person on the street and
publish it, you can't do it, okay, so
you enf, something else, that you focus on the
park and in, I mean, imagine a park and
in the park there's a lady, a gentleman, I don't
know what, and they come out, okay, But you're
recording the street and the street is, the street
is public, but that you focus on
someone in particular, that's what you can't. Oh,
but also depending on the context, it could
be serious or not. Look, it's not a photo
without malice, you know, I mean, I understand that it's
a joke because it says, Oh look, a child
reading, how nice to see a child reading, and How
strange, not today, but as such, you ca
n't, you can't, you know, maybe
in Andorra, yes, no, I don't know,
but the thing is, you can't, it's not right to do
this anyway, apart from the fact that you ca
n't legally, it's not
right either. I wouldn't like
someone to look at it from this, look at it from
this point of view, I mean, me  I wouldn't like it
if someone took a picture of
my boy or my girl and uploaded it to their
Twitter account, much less a note with
millions of followers, you know what I mean, I would
n't give it to him, I wouldn't like it, honestly, it's
not about more or less legal.
It's just that I wouldn't like it if
someone had luck reading something by Jeronimo
Stilton. Go evict grandmothers, you're
better at it. In fact, recently, trying to
appeal to emotions, he made this little
speech in my head, guys, it
works like this: I've
been on my YouTube channel for 12 years and
a lot of people have seen it and because of
that, I've been able to make some money. Thanks
to that money, I bought a building and I said,
Okay, so I'll renovate that building that's in
[ __ ] and put
those apartments up for rent. And that way I'll
earn money all my life in a
fixed way and I can help my family, I
can give them a house here in Andorra and I
can do whatever the hell I want. I
agree with
gref because of the effort I've made,
the work I've done, and the people
who  I've seen it in my head, that's like
something totally understandable and normal, but I've
realized that there are people who, no, there are people
who tell you, no, no, it's that it's, No, no, it's that
now, apparently it is,
and apart from that, it's something that I see a lot on
Twitter, streamers speculating with
housing, streamers buy buildings,
not only for stoneware but for
others. How many? For example, me, Juan, who
apparently also has companies, or I don't
know if companies, or he directly buys
homes and then puts the apartments up for rent,
eh. Let's see, let's see,
people are also bothered by the fact that you invest
and have your life sorted,
let's see if I earn
millions, well, I'm not going to take the
millions and leave them in the bank,
maybe a part of it, yes, but I take maybe
a million, I buy a building and
rent out all the apartments and I have a
fixed salary for my family for
life, you know, you buy a building,
imagine a building with 30 or 40
apartments and now you rent it out. Well,
every month,
eh, how much does it cost you every month to
have it rented out? Well,  the best thing is that you're
earning every month fixed 200
300,000 fixed for life you
know and you're solved and your
family is bad that you bought a building
to make rental apartments Why I don't
know no I mean I don't know why
people get upset that why people get
upset that people earn money that
others earn money and that others are
doing well let's see if you've been
lucky enough to have hit it big
and you can do it you know if
envy is very like that but it seems that you
're doing I mean they criticize it like
criticizing the sale of animals okay
the sale of animals I understand that
selling animals is criticized of course
No and especially for what's behind it not
the females the breeding and all that stuff
okay but since you criticize me
buying or I mean that I have money and I
buy apartments to to to to to
rent it out Hey look I do what I want
with my with my money
not a good business it's the rentals
but of course these people are earning
a lot of money And this is unknown Until
when it will be Okay then Hey then
yes  Imagine me not For example I
'm not at that level okay I'm not at that
level I am I'm paying the mortgage on
mine you understand I can't do
that but for example a person like
this who earns a year I don't know how much he will
earn how much he can earn Well I know
surely five or 6 7 million we don't
know okay but several million damn well
you take two or 3 million you buy
a building with one floor and you have it
rented you have it
rented always and you have a
fixed salary there always for life because the
streamer thing is going to go away but the building is
always going to be yours or so it's
stupid not to do it of course you have to
do something
like that of
course that I have generated money eh
And that I invest where I live and pay
taxes where I live and that eh well
obviously yes yes it's like the issue of
taxes it's like the issue of
taxes the same or in other words buy a
building that is worth several million
euros and the reform It's going to cost me so much
and obviously then you have to
get a return on that and and I'm going to
put some apartments up for rent and such And I
mean no I don't understand why the  people
think that's bad but because my
mentality is a certain way, no,
well, everyone should have the
mentality they want, but I'm always
going to try to
give the best to mine, my family and
the people around me, and
make the investments so that if one day I
'm not doing live and I don't make
money doing live, I can
live peacefully. In short, going back to the
photo, there could be a pretty
difficult problem for Gregory. Attention, taking photos
of minors and distributing them on the internet is
illegal.
@police, photo and dissemination of the image of
a minor without consent. This person
providing data says that this could be
a crime, that's why they cover your face, guys,
publishing photos without consent on the
internet. It's a crime not only in the case of
minors and can even involve
sentences of 1 to 7 years in prison and fines
of 300,000 to 20 million euros in
cases considered very
serious, man, but I understand that cases
considered very serious, I understand
that cases considered very
serious are already a revelation of a secret or
something like that, no
opinion this is too banal for it to
lead to something, but who knows, it
's jinxed, anything can happen
negatively but Hey and my audience what do you
think let's see what I say Here is that you ca
n't do that okay it would
bother me if they did it to one of my sons
legally I wouldn't know how to say it legally
To what extent that could have a
path let's see I imagine that I
imagine that it is probable that it
could have some kind of
civil repercussions like that if
the child's mother sues Gref
Gref she has to pay him money for the
photo for having posted the photo I think so that's
okay
guys we'll leave it here for
today tomorrow will be another day I was going to record a
video for the main channel but I'm
going to record it better when I
wake up with more
energy they are not going to report unless
the father wants some money man I
would report I would report I'm telling you the
truth I'm not going to tell you something that is not
worth it but it is that apart from being part
of the law that is no longer only The
legal thing is that no man that is not right
guys I'll leave it here okay handsome
tomorrow we see each other
eh I was going to record I was going to record but I was  to
record but I don't want to break the schedule
Because I have to study the script and
record it and between one thing and another it's
a couple of hours it's 4 in the
morning and I don't want you I'm doing great
with the schedule and I'm not going to break it
okay or so I'm taking
things differently now
eh I'm taking things
differently now yes it's true that I don't stop
working pi pi pi but I'm
taking it differently when it's
time to sleep I sleep however I am and
when it's time to go to the gym I go
to the gym and if in the afternoon you say
woman let's go for a walk like today today
we took a long walk I'll take it
okay But that Pin Pin Pin Pin Pin Pin
that Pin Pin can't be it can't
be so now I'm going to sleep
and tomorrow when I wake up Well instead
of recording a newscast Well I'm going to record
the video for the main channel guys a
kiss gorgeous a
kiss a kiss everyone go to
sleep the notes that they're releasing from
Daniel Sancho I haven't seen it Abel Tomorrow I'll
see it When I wake up that  rest
handsome